Patience, you got some Gray hairs.
You want to talk about Gray hairs?
About a point.
I'll say.
I don't know if you really want to start
your day like that.
Where's that?
Where's Darrell?
Got stuck in a meeting with Harvey at the
hotel or something.
So whatever.
Harvey's here.
Yeah.
I don't think Harvey's here.
Oh, like meeting with.
Yeah, they have.
I'm getting in the car right now.
I'll be over a couple minutes today with
Jim.
So Gerald, five hours,
5 hour meeting with Jim.
Can y'all hear me?
Can you guys have one more or?
No, we got two more,
but one is going to be here later and one
should be here soon.
So let me start with that though.
That's weird without your beanie on.
Yeah, not cold enough for the beanie,
although I do have jagged.
Yeah, Remember Me?
Yeah,
it was actually a surprise over while,
but it's in here.
It was cold plastic.
That was windy.
I think last time we didn't have a
working heater.
Oh, now we have to eat.
Yeah, now we have to eat.
That's nice.
You have bathrooms, though.
Wait for me.
I don't have Wi-Fi here, only PS Wi-Fi.
All right, we'll get started.
My name is Mitchell Flynn.
This is Akron.
We'll be going through this morning's
slides.
Only I know how to use PowerPoint,
so this morning we'll go through just the
overview.
If you don't know the system,
my Chrome will go through Geek Plus and
then if Jose shows up,
he'll do Aveva and if not, I'll do it.
So what is Opti Suite?
So right,
so I don't know if you guys know you guys
know, but a traditional system,
things fall down.
A shoot goes into a bag a person wants.
The shoot is full, hits a button,
zips it up, labels printed simultaneously.
You put the label on the bag and then you
put it on a take away belt and you open
another bag and something as another
parcel falls down.
It's slow.
You have a user, you know operator.
20 lanes.
I would say ish roughly and you have high
movers.
So it's a very strenuous up down movement,
not very efficient.
I mean very, you know,
some chutes stay closed longer because
the primary chutes are.
So there's a belted solution.
It's very interesting, but you know,
it's got conveyor and it's basically
always have to be in a straight line and
so it's complex in certain areas.
So Fortnite create a very modular system
with Agvs in partnership with UPS.
So that started what 6 years ago 2021?
No, the original 10, the original 1,
original 1.
So we did pilot smart and then our first
building in Hazlet,
this is a test facility.
So our core elements.
So we talked to UPS chat UPS has a a
standard communication through all
buildings.
I don't know if it's used to be called
chat XLE.
Oh, OK.
And so in all their buildings,
all the sorters talk the same way and it
goes on to a chat.
So for us to communicate with the scan
tunnel and the tipper or and the sorter,
we have to connect to the chat.
We have our tote tip stations that tip
totes.
We have of course our Geek plus Agvs.
We have a hospital controller for you to
remove and add totes.
Our Opti sweep software that integrates
everything,
so everything talks and works as a team.
And then UPS in all their buildings uses
a Viva for Hmis.
One question.
We were in the outside,
the third party thing, We, we were H yeah,
yeah.
The software,
it used to be into soft and then it used
to be into soft.
It used to be into soft.
Yeah.
Like that's what was known as I think,
yeah.
Which is standard HMI software that we'll
find in almost every UPS.
Oh, oh, you'll be the only customer.
No, no problem.
But that's the standard soft software.
This is standard industry standard for
UPS.
Oh, for UPS, yeah, Priority mods.
Yeah, for UP session ones.
So we have our Agvs.
They operate over QR codes.
They are controlled by the Geek Plus RMS,
which is their robot robot management
software.
Geek Plus handles all movements,
so they communicate directly with the
Agvs.
We just have, if you look at RMS,
there's Orange stations, right?
And we say from this station to this
station,
they have Ford collision sensors and
these versions are intended to operate in
a fence system.
One question, what part of that is in,
in lives inside AGP and what part is in
what part is actually RMS responsibility?
I mean, I mean, it's there too.
So inside AGV you have the sensors, right?
The physical sensors,
it calculates distance,
like how far it's traveling from one
distance, one level to the other.
It has the, the collision sensors.
So, right.
So it takes all those information and
sends it back to RMS.
If you see something, it,
the physical hardware itself will trigger
that.
Hey, I have an obstacle in front of me.
It reports back to RMS,
RMS generates a alarm code which is
visible to us and UPS whoever's looking
at the RMS screen, right?
The RMS is previous the robot control
system,
which which it kind of dictates what the
robot needs to do.
So all the task that is assigned by the
Office of Software, which is our WCS,
right?
Like, oh,
a robot needs to move from this location
to this location now,
and then to that location followed by
that.
So all those tiles,
it goes in a queue which lives in RMS,
and RMS executes those tasks 1 by 1 by
sending the command to the AGB, Right.
AGB doesn't have knowledge of any of that.
AGB only knows what's happening.
So RMS is outside of ATV.
So the routing is decided by RMS.
The routing is decided by RMS, Yes.
RMS is the robot management system.
AGB there, there.
There isn't any kind of logical had
calculation that is done by the robots,
right?
Yeah, it was in real time.
Which robot is with.
Yeah, it's correct.
But real time is relative.
So.
Right.
Almost real time.
Yeah, sorry.
I mean, is it OK to ask questions or?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the fact.
Yeah.
Central salary reporting, yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Because one of us have.
Yeah.
We got the mic going.
Good.
Yes.
So we have our tote racks,
so there's kind of like a picture of them.
You'll see them later today.
This is where the tote sits on the
cylinder.
We have little feet so that when the tote
drops, it is aligned to the center.
It's pretty tight.
We also have these fins on the side that
help move packages towards the center if
they kind of hit.
Yeah,
in this building it doesn't matter as
much because the the actual drop is much
more severe where at Hazlett you need
something to kind of hit against to make
sure that you get into the center of the
tote and you don't have a lot of items on
the floor.
You have your tippers.
Todd's the tipper expert.
We'll get to him later in this morning or
now R&D design these.
Each of the operator stations have two
tippers.
An HB will come in,
the tipper will be clamped,
and we'll show you that actuators tip the
arm to dump contents onto the chute.
Kind of similar to a manual.
Place all the items coming in the chute,
you zip it up or the labels printed
automatically and it has itself contained.
IFM, right?
HMI right as AE stop and then like a
button that says I'm ready to tip so that
you know, if there's no AGB,
the next one comes in and tips for
software.
We have of course our Opti sweep software
that kind of integrates everything.
We have a Viva like we talked about
Ignition, which is our OPC server.
So it communicates through the tippers
through OPC and also feeds data to AVEVA
since they can directly integrate with
our OPC server.
Chad,
actually how we communicate to the camera
tunnels and this disorder and then S
tunnel is what UPS requires for us to
securely connect through their like
network to talk to the chat actually.
Yep.
What is OPC?
Is it a protocol?
OPC is a protocol.
That is correct.
Yeah.
What is it?
Is it a industry standard protocol?
Is it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I can find I can look it up.
You can yeah.
OK.
And S Teron is like SSH in Teron.
No, it's not it's a it's a so OK, so 200,
can I you wanna go ahead?
No, you can.
OK, so, so why do we use the S tunnel,
right,
when Mitchell's talking about the chat
XLE, right?
These are all living in the UPS link,
the UPS local UPS network, right?
We operate up to suite on the OT net,
which is a network separate from the UPS
network, right.
This is and that's for customers.
So all our servers, that's ours, right?
All our servers,
our the the tipper Tipper PLC and the
robots, they only want this OT net.
So this OT net is an island can be this
UPS is an island.
So how do we know what this order is
doing right?
What's the next sortable destination is
for these packages, right?
Which, which shoot that we need to close,
you know,
so our WCS needs to talk from this island
to the UPS chat actually is the other
island, right?
And UPS obviously want to protect that,
right?
They don't wanna share unnecessary
information.
So that's why our WCS or opposite
software talk to UPS through this guest
tunnel, which is secure channel, right?
So you can look more into it,
but it's not gonna be very well.
And is it symmetric in encryption?
It,
I don't know what kind of encryption is,
but it's an interpreter.
They provide the configuration files.
So we it's encrypted,
but we have a key and they have a key on
their side.
But I would see the no, it's symmetric.
It's a manual private key.
It's not like a Yeah symmetrically,
generally and yeah.
All right, so life cycle this sort,
this just kind of go through how the
system runs.
You'll see it as we go outside later.
So start up,
all the Agvs kind of start up in a
shutdown state.
They they sit on specific locations,
they charge up.
So you start up the system takes the Agvs
from a power cycling state to begin a
stage for sort state while running bulk
of the sort where items are sorted and
Agvs take full totes to the tippers for
bagging.
We have bag out cycles,
all locations that have any items in a
tote to finish out the sort.
And then of course we go back into shut
down that all the Agvs stage two cycle to
the charger.
So I get to that, you know,
all these state transitions, right,
This document probably that is there some
in some other technical old technical
document?
I think this is just slide worthy.
So what are the various ways in which the
state transitions can fail?
I mean,
there can be there will have to fail a
condition each state transition, right?
If it is not part of this this this this
these meetings and you know I you don't
have to answer just let me know what is
the scope of this meeting is.
Yeah,
I mean we have a more detailed meeting
tomorrow morning.
I mean as to like state diagrams like
that was provided to tech support a year
ago we could definitely discuss that.
Should I put tomorrow?
No,
tomorrow's like the database message flow
like more in depth at the hotel,
but you know,
we could set up a meeting to go through
the date diagram.
But yeah,
we've all that stuff's in Confluence part
of the handoff.
All conditions where the C transition can
fail, they can be plenty right.
It's a built into the software and the
support.
We want to know because that's what we'll
bug us,
right yeah and like the system will tell
you like the system faults.
So it does kind of like if you try to
shut down, you can see, you know,
an AGVS waiting to do an exchange, right?
Or when you start up, it doesn't start up.
There's sometimes a a little bit of delay
because it's waiting from an AGB on the
charger, right.
So I mean, but yeah,
we definitely could have a save those
questions tomorrow then we are going to
deep dive tomorrow, I suppose, right.
Yeah, for the database and message flow.
And I can send you a link to the
Confluence pages that we provided a year
ago, that is to the support channel,
I mean.
So before a parcel reaches our system,
they're unloaded from trailers in bulk
onto a series of belts that lead to the
sorter inductions.
Those parcels are simulated and travel.
This triggers the message from chat.
We get a tracking ID, dimensions,
package type.
If this message fails and we see
something unknown inducted is associated
to our default dimensions.
So if you know,
I think right now it's 12:12 and 1:00,
but we get from the scan tunnel,
you know primarily what the dimension
data is.
I think that has it's at 2%.
But like if totes overfill like it's
usually we're not getting dimension data
that happened that has a few weeks ago
and they lost power.
The dimensioners just vaulted out parcels
then travel through auto index onto the
sorter.
This trigger we don't have auto index
here.
Yeah, I mean, I and I don't know,
go ahead.
It's not considered auto index,
but for like my experience at UPS,
like it's basically auto index.
I mean,
because like when I started when you had
tilt trays and you had to manually put
them on,
like this is pretty other than one person
standing there.
Like it's, I mean,
how different is it to the auto inducted
outlet?
Not that different.
Yeah.
So it may not be considered an auto
induct,
but you only consider auto index on tilt
trays.
Yeah.
Oh, that's why, Yeah.
OK.
But in like in most of the world, right.
Like this would be considered auto induct
because you're not physically having to
put everyone so because usually there'd
be a drop and then a physical person
would have to consolidate it.
Or a robot if you bought from Fortnite.
That one.
Which one go ahead.
So at this point in parcels on this order,
we have dimension data and we have an
indication of where it's going.
So we get the scanned data to message
that gives us all our weight dimensions
and then we get a sort message that tells
us what destination usually a few where
it could go.
One question previous like the two
questions there actually why it is
potential and what is destination?
What is potential and what is destination
potential destination.
So why is this potential and what is
destination UPS gives this order multiple
depending on like a tilt tray would have
multiple destinations 'cause they have if
you have a, a load type, right,
like PF Tong at or, or what is it?
T-Mobile at Haslett has 18 sortable
destinations, right?
And it's a a single density tilt trace.
So it can go left or right.
And so it's spread out in the system.
So we get all 18 destinations saying this
could go to one of these code.
It's it's not a zip code.
It's it's sorted to go to that is the
destination.
It's a sorted destination.
We don't have to go down.
Yeah, yeah.
So yeah, your parcel has a zip code.
And then UPS internally they have a
mapping file where.
A zip code can be mapped to a single
destination or multiple destinations.
Yeah, or or customers.
I mean, it's very dynamic.
That kinda comes from the ASX system.
So we only know us and this order only
knows destinations, right?
Like ASX is their, you know, upper system,
right.
Local system only knows the like where it
needs to go.
For the most part, it's the UPS.
Yeah, we don't.
Yeah,
ASEC is a system that we use to determine
where the package is supposed to go.
Yeah, yeah, it's clear.
Definitely no one in that.
What was your second question?
Oh,
so parcel was sort down to a shoot
location and into a tote.
This triggers the next message from the
chat where it tells us, you know,
the sort of tells us it's a divert,
confirm or sort confirmation.
This message is pretty critical because
if we don't get it,
we don't actually know where it went or
we don't know what's in the tote.
So once it's sorted to that destination,
the software adds A parcel to the tote
location in the rack.
So every time the the current cube item
count of that tote is updated every time
we get a message dimension data on the
sort induct is scaled up or down
depending on the configurations.
So boxes I think are 120% and bags are at
70 or 60%.
Software determines how full a tote is.
We have two thresholds, but we have,
you know pretty full.
So it's like like 60% of the tote
volumetrics and then you have your full
which is 80%.
So pretty full.
You know, our bottom 1 is like OK,
we should pick up.
So pick up tote request is sent
internally because we and then we have a
so can you repeat that the two checks
they're they're pretty full.
Yeah.
So so once what is that threshold?
I don't know what it is here.
Old world.
Yeah.
So just for an example, right,
if the volume metrics goes over 60%,
we mark that out for pick up and then no,
we're gonna watch you eat, that's fine.
And then there's 70% and 80%.
So 70% kind of puts a priority.
So we have several modules in our
software.
And so we have we kind of when we decide
which totes pick up next,
it's based off of some form of priority.
So you have your lowest priority where
it's over the 60% but under let's say 70%
it should pick up that tote.
If it's over 70% but under 80%,
this should be the next tote versus
somebody that's like 62%,
like 72 is higher than 62 and the
priority and then 80% we have closed the
chute that's the highest priority.
The chute's already closed.
That means our time, you know we have KPI,
so your time has already started.
So anywhere we do consider in the in the
full and about to be full calculation
because they get kept the package which
is too heavy, you know,
and that's only package can AGB can
actually take the limit on AGB too, right?
So the limit to weight is mainly on what
UPS union contracts are.
So like there's only so much weight a
person's should be using or should be
lifting by themselves.
So we have part of the dimension data we
get is the weight.
And so we there's another threshold that
it doesn't really come up very often.
But if you have a big box that you know
it,
I think it's like 70 lbs is the Max
weight.
There are gold bars in a box.
Yeah, yeah.
So if you have a bunch of gold bars that
divert down, we close the shoot.
So weight's part of that calculation,
but it's usually not the driving factor
in these parcel buildings.
Weights are calculation.
They're not they're not weight sensors on
them.
Hmm.
They're no weight sensor from the robot.
No, no, the weight,
the dimension and weight.
OK,
we can cause the robots can pick up like
more than you know what I mean,
the the Max and the totes.
You know what I mean,
'cause there's definitely more weight.
I mean the metal,
the aluminum plate is it's not light,
you know, so the lemon isn't the HVS.
It's, you know, getting sued by the union.
So that's not about the at the shoot.
We don't have any photo eyes to there's
no sensors at all,
just weighted dimensions.
Yep.
So that's why it's like,
when has it lost power?
And I was called this one of the and
they're like,
all the shoots are overfilling, right?
And tomorrow I'll show you like all the
databases because it doesn't really
happen very often.
And like we're just,
they can see on their system that they're
not getting dim, dim data.
Like we're just like a backup.
They're they set us from and we can send
them to the right solution.
So I mean,
I believe what was interesting is like we
were getting height, length,
but not the second length.
And then we missed weight on a different
SO2 auto inducts had two different
problems and they lost an hour or two
more times.
So that was fun.
So,
So what happens like if the parcel
doesn't get sought down to the shooter,
do we have to reinduct it?
So here it goes off the ends at Hazlett
they have.
So off the end goes into a Gaylord at
Hazlett.
It's circular, right?
It's a Oval.
And so we actually get sort confirmations
saying it,
there's two destinations that they tell
us it went off the end.
So we we can kind of somewhat track it.
So we know that it's still on the sorter
'cause that that's once it goes to like
once it gets sorted or rejected,
we remove it kind of from our tables so
that we keep the system clean.
But yeah, here it's just, you know,
off the end.
So but when we hit a threshold wait or
dimension data, we close the shoot.
So we send a destination close directive
onto the chat,
the store closes the shoot and then we
reopen the shoot.
So the exchange.
So like I said, there's thresholds.
The goal is to have one AGV come behind
it and then move simultaneously together.
One moves out, one moves in.
So staging for an exchange can happen
when a tote is immediately full or
completely full, eminently filled.
An AGV with no tote that is designated to
the tote tote zone moves under the
racking to position for a lift.
The tote is lifted in position and we'll
show you that an AGV runs under the racks
of the totes, lifts up a tote.
An AGV with an empty tote that travels
under the sorter position itself behind
it and then the AGV with the full tote
moves out into the aisle and the AGV with
the empty tote moves into the rack
location and lowers its empty tote into
the rack.
This AGV that this AGV that just dropped
its tote will now become the AGV that
will pick up the next tote.
Also,
we open the chute when the AGV moves in,
not when it drops a tote.
We have very strict quick KPI's we have
to meet.
So it's, it's not, you know,
if if you see the light go off and it
hasn't dropped its tote,
that's on purpose because we're trying to
speed up the exchanges.
Has this ever happened that an AGV moves
out without another one to replace it?
It has happened.
It's just happened.
Yeah.
I mean there the only time it can happen
is if the AGV behind it has a fault
because the front AGV will not move until
AGV behind it.
Literally our software sends both
commands at the same time.
So it there's there has to be one behind
it for our software to even send the
command to leave.
So they get sent together.
Now,
sometimes we're told that AGB behind it
is ready for a new task and it might have
completed and faulted at the same time.
So sometimes it, you know,
it's not backfilled properly.
The chute gets closed when the the the
chute is full,
not when both of them are in this in the
station or it's both.
So I mean, you can have,
if let's say you're not keeping up with
exchanges or like let's say you're not
tipping quick enough, right?
Shoots will close.
Like if you don't run the tippers,
all shoots will eventually close on their
own because everything gets full.
Ideally,
the way it works is our thresholds we
stage for an exchange and before we hit
that 80%, we've already done the exchange.
So like,
because it gives us more control because
our goal is like a median 8 second
exchange time.
And so our, our bottom,
like our floor is like 6.7 seconds.
So we're trying to like do it before we
close the chute.
Because if you close the chute,
then pick it up, then exchange it,
then the exchange time's going to be,
you know, in the minutes area.
Yeah.
What about, is that like a end of cycle,
end of shift options?
Does that work differently?
Yeah, yeah, we'll we'll explain that.
But so full tote now sits in the aisle on
an AGV.
When it reaches the sorter,
execute is assigned a specific tipper.
We used round Robin to the available
enabled tippers serviced by this queue.
This AGV is then sent to the tipper
entrance queue.
When the AGV reaches the front of the
tipper entrance queue and the tipper
becomes available,
the AGB is sent to the tipper.
The AGB travels to the tip location and
our software informs the tipper
controller using the OPC that the AGB has
staged for a tip.
An operator pushes a button to start the
tip.
The tipper clamps the technically the
Clipper.
The tipper clamps the tote before you
press the button.
Or I guess you could press the button
preemptively,
but when it arrives and we'd notify Todd,
it clamps.
In the meantime,
our software monitors the tip process and
we send a chat message to prompt UPS to
print a bag label if it started its cycle.
The empty tote is returned to the AUV and
then the operator applies the bag labeled
to the bag,
places the bag on a take away from there.
We don't have 1 here and then hangs the
next empty bag for the next tip.
Oh no, probably more accurate.
OK, and we'll see the system.
So like everybody, you know,
like this is kind of, you know,
some background.
So like, you know,
ask questions now and then if you have
notes.
And you know, I always say it takes,
you know,
you want to see the system kind of run.
But yeah, if you have any questions,
is it like a point to one mapping toad to
bad or can you have multiple toads going
into a bad or 1:00 to 1:00 one to one?
Don't say that it's 1:00 to 1:00.
We're not getting in the GLA today.
When the full cycle is complete,
the the tipper informs the software that
the Agvs clear to move so the AGV can
return the disorder or go to the hospital
or go and charge this.
You know,
if there's an issue or didn't clamp
correctly,
Todd sends us a bit and we know it goes
to the hospital.
So failed tip leads to the hospital.
Low battery or the least charge.
We always charge the least charge,
you know,
continuously so that as you go through,
you kind of always have some on the
charger.
So like through peak, you know,
you run almost without stop.
So you have to keep the system going.
If none of that's true,
the AGV returns to the sorter entrance
queue with an empty tote that will be
used for its next exchange.
Any questions so far?
What do you mean by failed there?
Like the tipper doesn't work?
No,
like let's say I tell him there's an AGB
there, right?
Todd's the tipper.
I sorry, he's not the tipper,
but he's my tipper.
If I tell him an AGB is there,
he's got photo sensors, right?
And so if it doesn't see the tote right,
so maybe the totes pushed back too far,
maybe I've lost its toe,
had a toe on its side once, then he sends,
hey,
I can't see this and send it to the
hospital.
So other times, which you know,
like if it can't clamp down fully,
like it tries to grip it but can't,
then I'll send it to the hospital.
So do we have an operator at the hospital
station?
Yeah, it's usually used as like, you know,
like that has it's in the center.
So the supervisor kind of bounces back
and forth.
So, you know,
that's there's not somebody standing
there.
They're around there and and they handle
the hospitals as they come through or you
know,
they've trained the two tipper positions
closest enough to keep an eye on the
hospital.
It makes annoying noise.
So it's hard like you want to remove it.
So it's not like a manned station.
It's just a fun time.
So so here's an example of our layout
design.
This is the old version of Hazlet.
So it's very modular and it has distinct
areas that connect through.
Everything has an entrance,
everything has an exit.
So this ensures as you move from one area
to another,
an AGB must go through an exit to go
through an entrance.
So we have hospitals, sorter sides,
starters, tippers, right?
You can see all the tippers,
You can see all the charters.
There's two charters areas.
There's two hospitals in this picture.
There's four sorter sides, right?
They're their own areas.
For our sorter,
we have our entrance queue.
I don't know if you how well you can see
that, but this is your entrance queue.
So anything that wants to go into this
area must go to the entrance queue first.
Then we have queue locations.
This is where Agvs stage behind for an
exchange.
And then you have your sorter queue
locations.
This is where you pick up the tote and
leaved into the aisle, right?
So you have the queue and the sorter
locations.
We also once you do an exchange,
it must go to the exit queue, right,
which is at as it leaves before it could
go to anywhere else it wants to go for
shutdown.
We have shutdown queues.
So this location is for H VS with a toe.
And then these locations are these look
what you mean exception.
I didn't see what it was.
I I thought it was just a pop up.
You want to let me?
Sorry, I just I thought I didn't read 1.
I thought it was just a pop up.
So these locations are under the rack,
right?
So all the, you know, here,
we have 4 AD BS under the rack.
When you shut down,
they move to shut down locations.
So these locations are Agvs without Tots.
This location is for Agvs with Tots.
Also in a shutdown,
because of interesting behavior,
we have a off the end.
So if you come into the entrance and
we're in a shutdown state and you have a
tote,
you go to off the end and then you go to
the shutdown.
This question yeah,
take it back up straight right in the
back out state right back out, yeah, yeah,
back out cycle some if some stores are
partially filled and nothing to sort
anymore.
So it's manually they're all manually
picked up to the slipper and that if any
tote has an item right one parcel it is
exchanged at bag out.
So the way bag out works is you're
running and you're done with the sort,
right?
And you need to bag out all the locations,
right?
Because in between sorts they change the
load plan and the sort destination.
So everything has to come out of the
system.
So we close every shoot,
whether it has anything in it or not.
All shoots are closed and we start bag
out and any item with an item in it gets
an exchange or marked for an exchange.
And then we go from back to front.
So all the Agvs go to the farthest area
of their zone,
which is kind of in this next picture.
And then it just goes every other.
So it's not doing 'cause like in normal
exchanges,
it's based on priority and time and in
bag out it's just back to front so that
it there's less travel time.
That's, that's the end of cycle.
Yeah, yeah.
So once it's completed back out, right,
everything is out of the system, right.
And they're ready to start another sort.
So in the UPS kind of places,
it's high volume, right?
That that what happens,
I suppose for what that back out and
shutdown never happens, never happens.
Sorting never finishes because the volume
is just so high.
No, there's like, well, it's, it's, it's,
it's not peak.
It's unlikely you're gonna move from one
sort to the other without stopping
completely.
So, so you have like 4 sorts,
let's say the usual day, right?
So you will have,
let's say you started with, you know,
preload.
So at some point preload will end and
then you will start the day sort and then
day sort will end and then you'll start
the toilet.
So so oh, OK,
so these are so all these cycles are.
All these sorts have to be cycled in
because during this sort phases, Yeah,
right.
You're,
you're you're expecting to receive
different kind of volume, right.
And then you're pushing your goal is to
push out that volume before the sort ends.
So even in the peak season,
it the peak season,
you will still have those transitions.
But the,
the gap between the the windows point.
Yeah, partial, yeah, partial, yeah.
Thing about like pre learn,
which happens in very early morning and
it's a specific sort that creates bags
for the brown trucks, right?
So I mean like, it's this, you know,
it has a specific purpose, you know,
so like they can't just run into each
other because you know,
the volumes going to different locations
and different options.
So so UPS has only their own transport,
right?
Unlike Amazon has some like because our
own transport right?
Sure.
OK, OK.
It makes it far simpler for you to be,
it's only one way of, you know,
sending from a zip code to lip code and
block packages and, and X number of.
So the other part of this sorter side you
should know about is there's zones, right?
So an AGB in a zone,
it's kind of like the manual side where
you have an area of, of where you work,
right?
So it only picks up and drops off in its
zone.
So AGB comes, you know, backfills,
comes into its zone,
sees if anything needs to be exchanged,
moves on.
It's an algorithm.
It's and So what is the DB algorithm the
people give it, but there's the back,
the backfill has to think about it's
first and first style,
but it has something to do with, well,
if zone 6 is closed and zone 4,
you know what I mean?
So it's trying to like, yeah,
'cause we have, you know,
we're trying to get that median exchange
time to.
So it's not a very complex,
it's basically FIFO.
So, but it has just more, you know,
you know, so tippers,
we've got your entrance queue.
So you know, you have your tipper,
those are your tip locations,
tipper A&B.
We each one has its tipper queue and then
once it's done tipped,
it goes to its tipper execute the
hospitals,
it's got an entrance queue and it goes
there first.
If the drop off location is free,
it goes and then drops off,
then moves to its pickup location.
If a totes there, it picks up, if not,
it waits for a tote to be picked up and
then you have your exit queue where it
goes to after it leaves.
And so in a shutdown state,
let's say you remove an AGV that doesn't
have a tote and you add another AGB,
it'll go through the hospital 1st and
then determine, oh,
there's an AGB missing,
I'll go to that shorter side.
Everything for the most part goes through
the hospital when you're at it hospital.
So we all hospital control the right.
So we come to know when AGB is sick,
we give us a signal or it forgive.
I remember the signal and I always tell
some of this AGV is sick.
So hospitals are used when it can't tip
at the tipper.
Right.
It's not like AGV is sick.
No, no, no.
OK, so it's a reject.
It's a reject state.
Yeah.
It's a reject detection.
Yeah.
Oh, with the DOE, Yeah.
Oh, the DOE is ours.
OK, Yeah.
That's.
And we use the hospital to initialize new
AGV.
So it's kind of like it's home based.
Like I'll go here first,
I'll go pick up a tote or you know,
if it's shut down and you're removing AGV
and we'll try all these stuff, you know,
so you can see how it works.
So it's just home based for us.
That's how you add Agvs, charters.
It has an entrance queue,
it's got tote locations,
that's where it drops off its tote while
it goes charge.
It doesn't like to charge with totes on
it.
And then once it's done charging,
it goes to pick up its tote in a shutdown
state.
There's some Agvs without tents,
so it doesn't need to do that.
And then it goes to its exit queue.
So we designed the Tipper also, right?
Yes.
So there's something wrong with Tipper
again.
ADV sent to hospital.
ATV is there?
Right.
Well,
it's so it's it's not if something's
wrong with the tipper.
If something's wrong with the tipper,
you're told that you're supposed to sort
to a bag, right?
Or dump it to a bag.
It didn't get sorted, right.
What do you do that then this package has
to make it on the system somewhere, right?
Yeah.
So the hospital is just a reject station
for an operator to address those totes so
that the packages get back.
It takes the toad goes there and operate
there something like that.
Yes, exactly yeah.
Question shut down queue is where the the
all the AGB that stays to be commanded to
where to go or do they the shut OK,
you it's your that's right.
Shut down queues is just where it sits
when it's shut down.
So once we go out there, it'll make sense.
They're all in like a shutdown state and
they cycle through the charter and then
when they start up,
they move into their own zones, Right.
So here we have 4 zones.
So they go from shutdown queues,
they go into their zones and the Agvs
with totes back, you know, get ready.
So they have bait baiting zone.
Yes, yeah, OK.
Yeah, they shut down.
They they won't be like, well,
they usually you put them into the
shutdown state between the source when
they're not actively sorting packages
from the sorter.
OK, right.
So because as Mitchell covered in a few
slides, you have the startup state,
you have the shutdown state and I think
like two other like running state.
So shutdown is basically when you're not
actively sorting parcels and you're,
you're in a transition between two sorts.
So the Agvs are they stay in the shutdown
logic and they cycle through each of the
Agvs to charge them.
So it wouldn't be the idle state.
Idle state would be the zones that they
are assigned to.
I don't know what a idle state would be.
Yeah, we wouldn't have like a there is no,
not for Yeah.
So yeah,
it's it's either for the most part,
there's these mini states that transition
states that we'll go through tomorrow.
But for the most part,
you're either running, bagging out,
or we called it close out originally.
So it says close out in the tables and
after a close out it goes back into a
running state.
Now the chutes are closed.
So technically you could go from running
to close or bag out and it goes back into
a running state afterwards and then after
that you should shut down from running
backup state to running state.
Yes,
the our system OK automatically once it's
done with bag out,
it will go to a running state.
So during peak when there's no time in
between, once they cycle sort,
we get a message and we open all the
chutes and they're back to sort.
Most time like you know today there'll be
preload will end at 8:00 AM at Hazlet and
they won't sort till noon 1:00.
So once they're done with bang out,
we're back in the running state.
And then UPS using a Viva HMI,
we'll put in a shutdown.
Those two states are we can keep coming
back, yeah, start and running back out.
And once it is done then there is a last
state shutdown.
Shutdown is shutdown is the end of that
is something you choose from the HMI
choose from it.
Yes, yes, naturally.
The as Mitchell said,
after bag out is completed,
they will go back to the running there
like they're ready for another suite.
OK,
unless you choose to put the system shut
down.
Yeah,
the operator knows the next one doesn't
start until 2 hours from now.
So let's put the check and some behaviors
you have to keep in context that we we
planned for peak, right?
Like, you know,
if you go in a shutdown state, you know,
you Agvs go in charge and like, well,
if you want to go start running
immediately after, right,
then it slows down how long you can cycle
the system.
So some of the stuff if you like, well,
that doesn't really make sense.
Like there's other during peak,
we have to like peak's the worst,
so we have to plan for the worst.
And so how do we do that physical thing,
right?
You need more APBS, more sortters, more,
more tippers for the,
the UPS plans for it.
We, I mean, we are, it's our solution.
So we've, I know our solution scale.
Yeah.
So sort of give me more tippers.
Yeah.
Give me more AG.
You mean I can do that?
So we test and simulate the system.
It's based off of peak value, right,
'cause you know,
you don't get the design happens.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And they'll set up, we give them.
OK, This is what I'm gonna need to do.
Yeah.
Questions on the overview.
All my questions.
Yeah.
All right, it's Ekramsteiner.
OK,
so we're gonna go to the D plus RMS
walkthrough.
So what's the RMS?
RMS is the robot management system.
This is based acing the brains behind the
Agvs, right?
The Agvs are just physical vehicles with
some sensors on it, some encoders on it.
It can't do anything on its own.
So the RMS tells these Agvs what to do.
So how do you so from,
from a technical point of view and from a
UPS point of view for each site,
you're gonna,
we're gonna have a Argus server and
you're gonna access the RMS web location.
What you see on the screen right now it's
the RMS web application and you're gonna
have a unique IP address to access this
RMS service.
The,
the communication with the RMS is over
software.
I'm not sure,
but like from a support standpoint of
viewer like so the RMS runs in our island
or in our island our yes, OK, yes.
Communication between RMS and what?
And the optive sweep it's API APIs.
You mean REST API?
Yes, REST API.
OK.
This is just geeks HMI that we're going
through.
Right, right, right, right.
RMS, yes, yeah, OK, yeah.
And obviously once you access that
address,
you put in the username and password and
you all will have it if you don't know it
already.
And this is what you will see.
This is the overview screen, right?
It kinda gives you on the top left corner
a little.
I see that.
So this,
this isn't the RMS they have they provide
a swagger or the spec.
We have RMS APA.
Yeah.
We've worked with Geek Plus for two years
to to use some custom APIs and also as
along with the existing APIs that they
already have for tasks.
So we can get the spec action from there.
We already have the spec from we get you
were you can you can give us give to us.
We you you will have access to Yeah.
This CS it's on Confluence.
It's on Confluence.
OK, Yeah, yeah,
the spec is on the Confluence.
Yes.
API spec.
Yep.
Yes.
Both Rs and Geeks.
Do you have any Postman collections or
Perl collections that you can share with
us?
We do, but we don't.
I mean we do,
but it's we don't want these being like,
well,
it gets tricky when people talk directly
in our mess.
So from the support point of view,
it will be good for us to pinpoint the
problem when there is an issue between
officially add RMS, there can be right,
then we can.
So easy to say, OK, yeah,
I'm sending this,
I understand basically based on we're
doing something wrong and we'll show you
like how we do it because our software is
in charge.
So you can't bypass our software or else
we get out of sync.
I know we never write no one one of us
write but free software, right?
So no, no,
the problem is if you let's say you have
a problem,
right and you wanna bypass the office
suite service not,
but not the bypass bypass.
No, I'm let me put the whole picture.
You wanna use the Geek Plus API or REST
API to free aging or something.
The problem is the they don't know the
the the opposite software doesn't know
what happened.
It has no knowledge of the database of
that transaction, which is fine.
That's not fine.
No, no, we don't.
We do not want to talk to E plus database
directly.
That's why they are they're exposing the
APIs, right?
Their database, their API.
We don't want to know.
Well, we want taking that,
that source of whatever it, it tells us,
yes.
So, so there, there are two layers of it,
right.
And and how about we get into this later
tomorrow,
tomorrow or whenever that deep dive
session is today.
You, you tell me when,
when for which session these questions.
Yeah, yeah, we're gonna for.
So to kind of the purpose of this next
section is gonna be what does the what
does Armis look like?
What kind of feature it can provide to an
operator and how you can use it to learn
more information about the ATP, right?
Anything else about the communication
where we can talk about that later, right?
So this is just for anybody who has a
problem or gets a call, there's a problem.
If they open this page of what,
what can they expect and how can they go
to the root of the problem as much as
they can through this API, right?
We'll go to the next slide.
OK,
so some context is you'll see a few
buttons that will help you navigate
around this RMS application.
On the top right corner is your language
selection,
because obviously Geek Plus is a Chinese
company.
Sometimes when you log in,
the default language is in Chinese.
So the third icon from the right is your
language section,
and you can click that and switch it to
English.
You have a sidebar over here,
which is sometimes this menu is hidden,
so you can expand it by clicking.
I'm talking about item number three.
You can expand it.
And once it's expanded,
the second option is the map monitor is
probably and that's where you're probably
gonna be spending most of your time in
when you are in this RMS and the Mac
monitor, this is what it looks like.
Once you click on it,
it gives you an overview of the system of
the system, right?
So if we,
as Mitchell showed that in his one of his
previous slides,
he separated out the solder side,
the charger side and the tipper side,
and he took that from almost,
almost from here.
But you have to know that what's what
when you're looking at it, right?
You see hover over it.
Was it would it?
Well, sometimes, I mean, OK,
let me put it this way.
So in RMS world, a station is a station,
right?
So you see, I'll go over it later, right?
But let's say a special location is a
special location.
But to us, right, and to UPS,
that special location could be a sort of
location.
And that special location can also be a
tipper location.
D plus has no idea of what the difference
between these two special locations.
It's on us how we use it and how we put
it in our state machine right.
So to them this we call these special
locations stations.
So there are two variant of a variable
type of location 1 is a a lane,
which is the light blue grayish square
blocks that you see over here right.
Oh,
I can't see what you highlight your
awesome that.
Yeah, Yep.
So that's the lane and then the orange
ones are the stations and we'll talk
about the different type of settings we
call it,
we call them sales by the next slide.
OK, so on the right side of that,
go back one more slide.
So you see that right panel on that side.
So this will give you some more
information.
So in the next slide we we're zooming
into that right panel.
So let's see number.
The first one is the open message panel.
So if you have any pending messages that
is containing active errors or warnings
on the system,
you you can open that message panel to
see that as well as the history of the
alarms that it generated over maybe like
the past 2448 hours.
The second point,
it's the active robot count.
This is basically telling you how many
robots you have that are actively running
in the system.
The next one is the robots that are on
the charter over here.
If you can see that tiny number,
it says 10,
which means that you have 10 robots in
the system that are active actively
charging at the moment.
There's a small drop down here.
Sometimes this is hidden,
but if you have a current fold that needs
to be addressed,
it will show up here if you if you drop
sometimes.
If it's hidden,
you click that drop down menu and you
will be able to see the errors.
The next one is the count of Agvs that
are disconnected, right?
So what does it mean disconnected?
It means that Agvs have lost
communication from RMS, right?
So this is the RMS and that's the AGV.
RMS is the,
it's the application running on the
server.
The Agvs are on the Wi-Fi, right?
So that disconnection can happen for
multiple reasons, right?
But it will show you the count of how
many Agvs the RMS think is disconnected,
yes, kind of set when,
when there is a disconnection.
So is it from our side we have to connect
it or like, well, it,
it depends what the disconnect is for,
right.
The disconnection can be like has the AGB
lost communication with the Wi-Fi on the
site itself, right.
Or it was turned, so then it was turned,
it was turned off, right.
So those are the things you will check,
right?
But it yeah, it can be from multiple side.
It could be like you know,
if we look at this side right now,
if we turn off AGV,
we know that we have turned it off.
So I expect to see disconnect.
So is it trationable in the logs or in
the logs?
You will see that it's it's it's it,
it will set say disconnecting will will
not show that if it was turned off or not.
Yeah.
Should this the shutdown state is
different from turned off?
Yes.
The shutdown is something.
OK.
Yeah,
that is something as a terminology that
we use to define a state of the off to
sleep operation, OK?
Right.
So now we're like we're zoomed into the
geek plus world, right?
And in this geek plus world,
you may see similar technology,
which may be the same and may not be the
same, right?
But from a grandstand point of view,
right,
we will always use the whatever normal
Fletcher and the double CS team are using,
right?
So yeah, I'll,
I wouldn't call the ATV shut down.
I'll call them turn off OK, yeah, yes.
What is that last box?
I mean the one that says 34 to the on the
right one exception.
No,
it means Agvs in the system like they're
on the E stop PLC, right.
They're but they're not in the system,
right.
So they're not they're removed right.
They're not because you,
you can you turn off an AGB, right?
You haven't removed it.
It's still in the system, right?
So if you removed it, right,
we have like 4 or 5 sitting off here.
Like those are still in the.
It's connected like as in like it's
associated to this RMS,
but it's not in the system itself.
In the map, basically In the map, Yeah.
It's not accident.
Yeah.
What?
So this might be spared.
There might be, yeah, spots that had,
yeah,
some sort of issue and you had to remove
them.
It's not repair or there are actions.
OK, Yeah.
You can have Agvs in the system,
but not in the map.
So on the left that's 57 Agvs that are in
the map, but on the right,
the third and 4th,
they're in the system but not added to
the map.
So if you were to turn 1 AGB from that 34
AGB's and put it on the label right,
you will see the 57 LB go to 58 and the
3734 LB go to 33.
Does it make sense?
Yeah, like I said,
the two cases there would be that it was
barely before there outside the system
and I'll be back.
There's one that can just be under the
the screen is disconnected.
The disconnected is they can be off.
So very pocket for the off.
So, so if you turn it off, yeah.
And you don't remove it from the map,
it's counted and disconnected.
Because if, if I, if I go out there,
if you look at the map, yeah,
turn off the AGB,
that AGB will still appear on the map,
but as a purple AGB,
that means it's disconnected and it's
still in the map.
So if you unless you remove it, remove it,
like remove it from no,
it remove it from the,
you gotta remove it from the map itself.
So there's a button.
Well, I don't go over it, right.
If once you remove it,
that AGB is no longer associated with the
map that you're looking at,
but it's still part of your system.
Because what happens,
let's say if you bring an AGB that's not
part of your system,
you put it on a label and that thing is
gonna happen.
It's not gonna identify,
it's not gonna associate itself with this
building and with this lack.
Anything in the system will associate
itself once it's introduced.
So that's to that use case would be,
let's say you get a new bot to replace
one that was if you're adding stuff to
the system will work.
You had one that that went off repair and
then you get a new one.
Then that's that use case where it's not
associated.
So it won't show up on the TLC and
there's a process to introduce it to this
particular system.
Yes.
So real quick,
I'm just passing around the whole sign in
sheet.
The main reason is just so we can keep
track of who's here and we'll send out
surveys after this.
And you guys can put your stuff in here
too and just mark whether your your day
one day 2 is on and so forth.
And it helps us just understand.
I think it's good.
And yeah,
how we can create leave us a good review
or, you know, or back from, I don't know,
e-mail employee go just name an e-mail.
I guess it's just turn off the like one
of the robots.
It's gonna go from that with that 57.
Well, the 57's gonna always be there,
right, The 57.
So let's say on let's say on Saturday
morning right,
you're done with preload you turn all the
little robot stuff.
These will now be in the 57 one right?
Yeah,
it still would be I believe there right
but now you these are 57.
So let's say you removed them, all, right,
which we'll show you on another screen.
Now these won't be there anymore.
They'll be here because there's still
part of RMS, but they're in the system.
So we showed you that has that we have 34
that you know,
they have more Agvs than they need for
Phase 4, right?
So they're in associated RMS,
but they're not in the system.
If you add an AGV,
but you don't turn it on,
it will show up here.
If you turn the AGB on, put on a QR code,
but don't add in the system,
it's still here because you haven't added,
you haven't told geek I want to use this
robot.
You turn it on, you put on the QR code.
Well, sometimes it does add itself.
It's, you know, but you get the point.
So I guess the total number of robots
that's associated with the building is
that 57 + 34?
Yeah.
OK.
Why would why would they remove the AGV
if it's there's no problem with that?
So for the most part,
I mean rooting an AGV,
like if you do have a problem or let's
say sometimes if you don't clean the
floors very often,
especially during preload,
preload has these very small stickers,
right, that go on packages.
Those stickers like to get stuck in the
camera underneath with.
Yeah, well, yeah, everywhere.
But I mean like they almost like they're
very low parents AUD so they almost suck
them in and cover the so or we had one,
they get on the tires and then they get
out of position.
So you you know, you have to remove it.
Most times you can fix an AUD fault,
but you can move an AUD if there's an
issue or if you just,
sometimes it's just easier to remove it,
put it off to the side.
So you could get the sort going, you know,
as quickly as possible and you had it
back in between the sorts.
So, and in the user manual,
which they'll probably go through in
training.
When you remove an AGV that has a tote,
you have to remove the tote.
So it's always removing AGV,
remove a tote at the hospital and you
cannot remove the tote first.
You have to remove the yeah,
Keith does not like that because it
becomes an orphan task.
And then yeah, yeah.
And don't do that.
We're gonna go over that in the next few
slides.
What if you think the the toad is full?
You said the first week BGV And then if
the what toad, right.
If the toad is full, it,
it doesn't matter if it has anything in
it or if an AGV,
if a toad is connected to an AGV and
we'll,
we'll show you how you know that you have
to remove the tote after you remove the
AGV.
So there shouldn't you shouldn't just
keep totes on Agvs and you shouldn't just,
you know, remove an AGV, remove a tote,
add it back, right?
That's the sequence.
I mean the simplest sequence.
And if you mess it up it Keith doesn't
like it.
So, so we,
we'll have to complete those orders,
right, Whatever is in the troll first.
Yeah, I mean, and that's the thing too,
we've had if they call right and they're
like, hey,
this AUV won't go back in the system,
right.
Usually almost 99% of the time they have
not removed the tote.
So and our software waits for the tote to
be removed because we're like,
you haven't removed its tote.
We don't know the state it's in and so
we'll wait to initialize it.
I was while I'm standing too.
The other thing too is he was showing you
the errors, right?
And I call it for you.
So this one was out of the system.
First error,
it hasn't reached its location.
So an AGB had a location to go to,
hasn't reached it.
They probably restarted it,
which probably or it was out of the map,
so it can't see a cell cone.
And if you click the well information,
it'll tell you the total like when it
started more information.
And then there's a location where it'll
like snap the map to that AGV so you can
see it where that issue's happening.
Yeah,
we will take you to that part of the map
where the AGV is faulting.
If you click on this,
well like so from this help.
Also there is another option on the
bottom you see the E stop the system,
if you press that,
it will turn on it will it will put a
software E stop on the entire system and
it will pause all the AGPS.
But be careful,
this is not an actual E stop.
But if you press it,
if the AGPS is in transition,
right on a label, if it's in movement,
it will go to the next label before it
stops, right.
So it's a it's the soft stop,
they call it a emergency stop,
but it's not an emergency stop, right.
If you want to start it back again, Yeah,
Yeah, good point.
If you wanna start it back again,
you this E stop icon will be change and
you that's the same one again.
Yeah.
So this one over here is some again some
additional icons that will help you,
you know,
understand the path like you may get
calls from different sites.
So let's go to the first one,
view all ATV paths.
So if you click on this icon,
it will show in the map,
it will show up all the active paths,
all the Agvs may have, right.
So it will be a small blue line that
starts from the AGV and ends up where the
AGV wants to go to.
Yeah, second one, station IDs.
Remember we were talking about like a
cell can be a lane and a station like the,
the orange 1 is a station, however,
the light blue one or the Gray 1 is a
cell.
So because the stations are special,
because it's special location,
all these stations have a unique ID,
right?
And we can ask the Agvs to go between
stations using those unique IDs, right?
We'll go over it more later.
How we use the station IDs to, you know,
debug and identify problems.
But for now,
just know that there are station IDs and
they're they're important.
Similarly, you have charger IDs as well.
So if you click on this all the chargers
in the system, if you have 10 chargers,
it will you will have 10 unique IDs for
the chargers.
And that's how you see it by clicking on
it couple of things if you click on any.
So certain things in the map are
clickable.
However,
because there are multiple type of
objects on the map,
you need to select what object you want
to inspect right.
So on the on the panel,
on this panel on the left side,
you have couple of icons.
The first one is robot,
the second one is container,
the third one is cell and the fourth one
is charger.
So before you proceed and click something
on the map itself,
you'll have to choose what you want to
select.
So if you wanna select,
if you wanna inspect the robot,
you gotta click the robot and so on and
so forth.
And we'll see more of that.
All right,
so the robot selection overview.
Yeah, sure.
So when you when a robot is selected,
you can actually click on a robot.
And once the robot is selected,
you can see a number of details about the
robot.
So on this panel,
if this detail section is ever hidden,
you can click on the small arrow and it
will show up.
It will,
it will expand to all the details,
detail information it can provide about
the robot.
What are something important ones the
robot ID, right?
Because if you have a problem,
the first thing you wanna know is
probably which robot is causing the issue.
So you wanna look at the robot ID and
location.
The note code is pretty much the cell
code for the robot.
Anything important here?
Nope.
All right,
So what else does this tell you?
When you click on the robot on this panel
over here,
you see that you have the robot ID as
well as something called the 9696.
What?
This indicates that this robot has a tote,
and this is the tote's ID.
The tote that was inducted on the robot
was tote #96 as a unique identifier of
the tote.
So if you look at this photo closely,
you have AGV and with the small brown
little box on top.
So usually when you look at AGV that has
a small brown box on top,
you know that this AGV has a tote on it
If if the robot has a tote.
But if the if the tote has a question
mark before it,
it means the robot has been removed but
the tote has been not, right?
That's exactly what Mitchell was talking
about.
If you remove a robot,
you have to remove a tote and then add it
back as well.
If the robot doesn't is not carrying any
tote,
you will not see this brown box at all on
the tote section.
It will say layer one.
We're gonna go through some robot colors
because these robots have two LEDs on
each side and the the LED,
the LED colors indicate certain things
about the status of the robot itself.
Purple is robot disconnected.
It's usually it's solar.
I think it's flashing purple.
Blue or flashing or blue means robot is
in task flashing blue is robot is looking
for a label, right?
If it's in between label for something
happened, we, you know, reset the robot,
it's in between labels.
It will flash blue because it's looking
for a label.
That's how you know that you've got to
push down to a label.
Green the robot is idle, not in task Red,
the robot has fault or a low battery,
both of which will show up in the message
panel.
All right,
we're continuing with robot selection.
We will go over the purpose on when to
add and when to remove the robot,
but for now we'll just cover how to do it.
If you want to add a certain robot on
this tab over here,
you type in the robot ID and you simply
click the Add button.
It will add the robot.
If the robot is already in the system,
nothing will happen,
but once it it's added successfully,
the system will show that the robot was
added successfully.
Similarly to room remove a robot,
you can either type in the robot ID or
you can click on a robot itself and press
remove and it will show the if it's room.
If room removal is successful,
it will show the remove what was
successful.
What happens if the bodies on the floor
somewhere and somebody clicks on remove?
That's a problem.
I will just sit there and die if it it no,
but you,
you don't have a logical robot on the
system,
but you have a physical robot on the
system, right, Right.
So each robot has a right of way and
space that it occupies on the map, right.
So any robot that is about to use that
pathway think that space is empty and
free,
it will see that robot is an obstacle
crash or obstacle.
It will not crash.
Yeah, because it has front sensors.
So what is the right way to remove all
the work?
Bring it to if you have a problem with
the robot and we'll go over those debug
scenarios later, right.
But just to keep it simple, right?
We will.
We'll go through it.
How remove the robot,
when to remove the robot,
and what's the correct way to put it back.
But for now,
I just wanna introduce the mechanics
behind it, like how to do it,
what to use in the API or the API but the
web application to remove it.
But we will.
That's a big part of it.
Because when you're in a support line,
you're gonna be doing that quite quite
often, hopefully not quite often.
Well,
if they are calling you with a problem,
I can guarantee you you're gonna be
removing and adding robot a couple of
times.
Yeah.
Who has access to Geek Plus apart from
Fortnite or somebody also for this, Yes.
So as they're on OT net,
any device that is connected on the OT
network, whether it's a laptop or,
you know, a computer,
they will have access to the web.
This software application right through
that IP.
Is there any password?
If you're supporting remotely,
we will not have access to OT net unless
you're authorized to use the UPS VPN
which is through Z Scaler.
Are you guys familiar with Z Scaler?
Yeah, yeah.
So,
so they have a tenant ID for certain or
they have a tenant ID,
but they have to authorize you to access
certain sites.
Once you have that,
you will be able to put in the address or
RMS address for that particular site and
access the Geek plus RMS.
So I guess to add a robot,
she would type it into the right below
robot.
Yes, that is type it in right there.
Yes, Yes, Sir.
If it's in this,
like if it's already been introduced,
you can just do 188.
Like you don't fail and then they'll show
like they'll show you like the ones
ending in 188, you know,
so they don't have to type in the full.
Yeah.
So, so on the shop floor,
you don't have at least one in the case.
They got 2 HMI stations where this is
displayed for the local team.
Yeah, and one of them's at the hospital.
So just, you know,
you're asking if you can see this at the
very least you've got 2 physical devices
on the shop floor that that have this
view.
That's correct, yeah.
Restart So basically the process to
restart a robot is you put in the ID or
you select the robot that you're
interested in restarting.
You press the restart button on this
panel over here and it will restart.
So you gotta be careful, right?
If your robot is stopped for some reason
in between two labels and you perform a
restart,
it will not snap back onto the map
automatically.
And you might wonder why this robot is
not on the map.
It's because it can't see a label and
you'll see that flashing blue sign.
In that case, you're,
you will have to E stop the system,
walk into the floor,
push the robot onto the label.
And usually what happens when it
identifies a a label,
the the IT has brake locks.
It will lock itself on the label and
that's how you know that it has
identified the label and you walk out
restart, not restart,
but clear the E stop and you'll see the
robot being successfully showing
successful on the map itself.
Just yeah, there will be a color chill.
It will go from flashing blue to solid
blue because it has picked up,
but that is clean.
Yeah, that was blow correction.
When you restart an AGV,
it goes through a cycle.
Once it's solid green then and it's not
on a label like if it if it's not solid
green,
then it reads the label and it'll move on.
But if it's doesn't see a label after a
restart, it's solid green,
which means if you physically restart or
remotely restart it,
you have to wait till it turns green for
you to move it because the brakes stay
locked.
Yeah, so and then once it screens,
the brakes lock,
usually the the stand drops and it goes
through a cycle.
OK.
So yes,
so if it's in the middle of the
transaction,
we'll resume the transaction after the
restart, right.
If the if it doesn't get lost,
the task doesn't get lost for restarts.
So the only thing that like if you remove
it, we remove it from our system.
And so then it has to go through
initialization process.
So the only time you know, the task is,
you know,
quote UN quote lost is if you remove it.
Yeah,
so so I don't have to re add on a restart
and on a if again,
like it would show a question mark, right.
If you needed to remove, you know,
if you removed it,
it'd be a question mark remove the toads,
add the AGV back, you know, so oh Yep,
go to function.
So this is kind of helpful because it
saves the operator from pushing the AGV
from one point to the other.
So if you remove and add an AGV and it
let's say it doesn't pick up a task and
it's in that green state,
that means it's it's ready to execute
something, but it doesn't have a task.
You can use the go to function over here
to move Agvs from one point to the other.
So what you'll do,
you will select the AGV, you will select,
go to and then it will give you a target
code where you want the where you want to
move the Agvs to or Agvs to.
You don't have to type the target code,
you can click on the map itself.
You can click on a cell and confirm and
it will navigate to that location.
And so like an example of this is like I
want to say sometime when I hear the
tipper 8, the network got severed.
So there was AUV sitting there.
We're not hearing from Todd's tippers.
We're you know,
he's not getting a heartbeat totally.
You can remove the AUV and add it so the
totes now in the question mark state.
And then you just for ease of use,
instead of physically moving the AUV out,
if you remove AUV then add it back,
you can send a go to function to the
hospital, right, like he showed here.
And then once you remove the tote from at
the hospital,
the and we'll show you outside,
it drops and reinitialize and comes back
and picks up a new tote.
So it's just helpful for if you have an
issue for WCS to reinitialize that,
that EGB has to lose connectivity with
the tote, right?
If it's, if you remove and add it,
it considers still binded,
but it's like a not a proper binding.
And WCS will not reinitialize that AGV
until the tote's removed and add it to
the AGV again.
And sending to the hospital only is the
best to be out because that's where you
can drop it and add it pretty basically,
yeah.
Container selection so you may have seen
on on these there's a small blue thing on
top of some of these stations.
What are these These are rack locations,
right So to look at more information
about the rack,
you have to click on the container
selection and then physically click on
the container itself to learn more about
this.
There are two distinct color on this on
this rack.
It's sometimes I know it's it could be
better,
but it's dark blue almost like a Violet
and a normal or a lighter blue.
If a rack has this dark blue tone,
it means it has a toad on it.
If if it has the light blue toad,
it means it's empty.
The rack doesn't have any toad on it.
And that is very helpful when you're
looking at a sorter destination where and
let's say you expect to see a toad there,
but maybe someone,
when someone was someone removed the
wrong tote.
You, you don't see a logical tote there.
You see that as a light blue.
You're like, what?
Wait, we're supposed to have a tote here?
But I see it as a light blue,
same as the hospital.
Let's say someone is telling you over the
phone.
Well, I'm adding a tote.
But on the RMS,
you don't ever see that rag go from light
blue to dark blue.
So, you know the,
there's something wrong in the tote
addition process and it's not getting
added properly.
What to do in that situation?
We'll cover it later,
but for now we're just going to focus on
how to identify this markers, right?
And just to add some examples.
So sometimes have seen it,
they have AGB default,
they remove the AGB,
they leave the tote on the tote stand,
but the tote is now associated to the AGB.
So both Geek and Forta believe it's on
the AGV.
So the way they do it is like I said,
you remove the AGV, remove the tote,
add the AGV back to that location or at
the hospital.
So you know UPS it has it knows after the
sort like to go,
usually they'll go back through and add
those toasts that they didn't, you know,
they didn't remove properly.
So.
The other thing is that when you when a
rack is dark blue, if you click on it,
it will tell you what tote you have on
the on the rack itself, right?
So if someone's telling you like I see HV
110 on this rack and then you click on
the rack and you see 113, you see,
you know that there's something wrong
with it.
It's not the right tote.
You talk about the last.
Yeah,
we can also find a toad by typing in the.
So let's say you have a toad,
but you don't know where it is in the
system.
You can find it by typing the toad number
on this container section,
and it will take you to the part of the
map where that toad's been added or where,
wherever that toad is in the system.
It comes in handy because sometimes as I
said,
if you see a wrong tote on a wrong
location,
there's a lost tote out here or not lost
but there's an incorrect tote somewhere
else.
So you the good way to do it to recover
it first you need to find where that
incorrect tote is and you type it in it
will take you there and then you can
either do a swap or you can remove and
and re add it the correct one back in Pro
Quick thing in there.
Yeah, I haven't heard it stated,
but you've seen some of the pictures.
Everything out there has a label on it.
Every toad has a label,
which should match the toad number here,
and the robot has a label number which
will match in here.
Every position,
every rack position has a label,
but should match what's in your map.
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah, your QR code squares on.
They have a number on them.
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
So a few slides ago when I went over the
node code over here for a cell code,
which is also, they call it a node code.
This will match what's on the floor.
So if you look at the floor,
that QR code has a physical number on it.
And if someone tells you this AGB's on
this location,
you can verify it or you can look at this
node code and or you even it can tell
someone, hey, go to this location.
This is where the AGB's at, right?
Everything else, Oh, on this slide, yeah,
that that,
that the 113 in that green is the
container and that that is the total
number, right.
The 113 is the total number, total ID yes.
And you will see that tote I tote label
on the tote as well, right, on the mult,
single,
multi and there's a region something
there.
What is that?
Oh,
so like all our all our shelves or reacts
are single density show.
So we only have one layer.
We we don't have multiple layers.
Yeah,
there is a something called abnormal use.
What is that location and abnormal code
location,
code location and exception something on
the right hand side of that exception box.
Exception box.
What is that?
I haven't seen this,
like we haven't had to use this.
But yeah,
I would say there's other Geek plus
features like, OK,
you know that we do not, we are not using.
Yeah.
So we have more control over the system.
Like he was telling you about the custom
APIs we have.
So there's some features that like if
they had full control, they would have,
you know,
I mean like if you have an exception box,
but that's when they control end to end.
So we're just using them for the robots
and movement.
So yeah, what is there?
What are the three things, Logic ID,
layer count and don't count again,
we don't use the logic ID,
the layer count, as I said,
it's a single like.
So basically it's telling you when the
map was created, basically one for us all.
Yeah.
So how many layers we put in the property
of that rack?
We put in one layer 'cause they geek has
picking AGBS, right, with the go up rack,
right, right.
And so they have this system is for
everything, right?
So all geek robots use this geek plus RMS.
So we only have, you know,
like if it was a different type of AGB
where we showed earlier,
it showed layer one.
Well,
they'd have multiple layers and we only
have one.
So same 2 gold is always going to right
one container.
Yeah.
And and these containers which do not
have any of those blue or blue or dark
blue things, the bottom, bottom, bottom,
that's that physically it will look like
a cell, just a label to you,
but they're these are special labels
because they has more properties.
So these are stations.
Oh yeah.
And these stations have I DS associated
with it.
And what are those those icons buttons
underneath that container blue thing on
the right hand side where one is there to
see that one?
Is it that one with the arrow?
Yeah, this.
Yeah.
Toolbar.
Yeah.
OK, Yeah, so.
So I actually covered it over here.
Yeah.
So basically these are the objects that
you can select on the map.
So if you just click on the map,
nothing will happen because the map
doesn't know if you're trying to select
an AGB or a cell different for the slice
and dice that map in different ways.
Yeah.
Understood.
Yeah.
So you have to select the.
That's the object selection.
You select the object and then you select
what you're interested in in the mail.
Yeah.
So if you're under if, go back one slide.
Now, if you're under AGV, right,
And you select this cell phone, right,
It'll show you the AGV information.
If you change it to if,
if you change this and you select the
same cell,
it'll show you the rack information,
right?
And then, you know, if it was a charger,
right, And you selected it,
you select it and the HV's there.
Well, it's.
So this just tells you what?
Oh, you say it,
select the symbol means something.
Yeah.
OK.
And that's, you know,
you you can look back on the PowerPoint
and you went through that.
Yeah.
You can also hover over Internet.
OK.
Yeah.
I would have wanted to know something.
OK, when we are going through this slide,
can you point out where not to click or
whatever?
It will cause more problems.
Yeah, yeah,
like like trying to click something.
You can do that, do that.
That is a man there and there,
there is a crossed out there.
Yeah.
I I would say like the most,
like the the worst you can do is there's
no if.
If if you're looking at an active system,
if you click on AG when you remove it,
that's that's pretty bad.
That's the worst thing.
Yeah, yeah.
Can you remove all the AG VS to be?
Yeah, that operator will have that store.
I don't know.
They do,
but not everybody has access to because
you have to log in, right?
If you have to flash this,
this application has a username and a
password, right?
You have to put in the.
And not everybody has a credential.
The operators don't have the credentials.
The supervisors do, OK,
So it's not like anybody can just remove
it, right?
But if you are logged in and if you left
in somebody just wanted to mess with the
system and do something, they can, right?
The operators shouldn't have it, yes,
the supervisor should have it all,
but we know how that goes.
Yes, exactly.
Yeah, just take takes one person.
So these bad things,
but let's say say remove and all does it
come with a warning or it just removes?
No, it yeah, it will come with a warning.
No, it would.
There's no the RMS it it assumes you know
what you're doing.
Like if you're a robot,
if you have that level of access,
then you know.
Yeah.
But the other thing that the other bad
thing you can do, well,
you can't really directly remove a tote
from here without using the API.
So but that's,
that's I guess not that bad.
But yeah,
removing the AGB would be like my top one,
right?
For what?
Do's and don'ts, Yeah.
Don't remove an AGB.
If you find out how to remove an AGB from
Geek, don't do it.
That's why we're not going to show you
how to do it.
You can still remove AG from here.
We have the pigeon and obviously the that.
Yeah, we, you should use it again.
We should always direct the customer to
use AVEVA or the hospital, right?
Those are those intentions.
So we stay in control.
You remove a box,
Geek doesn't send us all the information.
So, yeah, it's yeah.
So we're just going through what,
you know,
you should know and how to handle
situations that for the most part we want,
you know,
it's reminding the customer how to do
things.
I mean, some stuff, you know, Yeah.
But it they should fuse the hospital or
Viva and we'll get through all that as
well.
All right, the next object is a cell,
the cell selection,
which is also the QR code.
They call them the node code, right?
So when a cell selection is selected,
you can click on one of the cells to view
the QR code, right?
So if you click on a cell and you look at
this 8 digits, 8 digit number,
that's the cell code of that location.
If that cell code is a special cell,
that means it's in, it's a station, right?
If you click on let's say one of the
orange 1,
you will see it has an additional
information which is the workstation ID.
That means this station ID is 862.
Nothing more interesting about it except
for or you may ask the operator,
can you push the Agbs to this cell and
they'll that's how you'll use a cell code,
right?
We may ask an operator like, oh, you know,
can you bring the AGB to sell,
I don't know like 12345678 and they will
bring it there.
Two questions there to the unload
direction node and node direction.
Yes,
looks like they have arrays so they can
have multiple values.
Yeah, we're gonna go,
we're gonna go over it in this slide as
well.
So if we're already at site and if
there's an issue with the load and unload
direction, that's a,
that's a design problem, right?
That's not something that the support
will have to deal with.
However,
the unload direction means it's if if a
between two cells you only have a unload
direction activated.
It means only Agvs without a tote can
travel there.
If we have only loaded direction
activated between two cells,
that means only Agvs with a tote can go
between those two cells.
Agvs without a tote can't.
So for most part,
what we do in the majority thematics map,
except for a few section,
we have both of those turned on.
So AGB with a toad and without a toad,
both can have access between these cells
except for one part and we'll talk about
it when we go out there.
I'll show you what part that is.
No, no, go back.
Yeah.
What about the?
When will the?
What will the multiple values in that
array will will indicate and when in what
situation that will be which array?
So is that an array?
Actually it's inside that 170111118 for
example, a string.
Is it it, it, it, I mean,
if you're looking from like programming
point of view, it looks like an array,
but it's, it's just,
I think it's just a string,
which is you're not gonna have a multiple
value for a cell code.
It's a, it's a, it's a unique cell code.
You can only have one.
So it is telling there is a, there is a,
there is a route that is RMSS stored and
that is a route ID.
That's not a route ID, that's a that's a,
a direction.
That's not even a direction.
That's a physical QR code number.
It's what would it mean physically that
this is AQR code?
Yes, and it they is there.
So what does it mean that what is the
direction and QR code related?
How are they it travels to the QR code.
I know yes,
so it has like it receives the maps from
the RMS mm hmm.
So here, what would this mean?
And like I said earlier, right,
we're pointing to you the the features
that you should know that we use right?
So this specific stuff,
there's again other types of AUB's and
other applications, but don't apply to us.
The support will never pay attention to
those numbers, correct.
Will those numbers be different for UPS
at any point?
No.
Well, I mean, if, if they change the map,
if we're still like commissioning
something and then we have to make a
modification in the map,
that number can vary, yes, like the map,
the cell code can vary if you're changing
it.
But the only thing, as I said,
like you have to be concerned about not
the load direction node,
but what the node is, right?
So on the one on the on the left side,
right, OK, you, you,
when you click on a Gray cell,
you see you don't have anything that says
direction.
It's just a QR code or a load direct node
code.
That's the QR code.
As we were saying,
that station has special properties,
right?
It has, it has,
it can allow Agvs to access the station
only in One Direction or in multiple
direction.
But again,
I it's not going to be relevant when it
comes to right if when we're if,
if there's something wrong with the
direction of the station,
we will know it in the commissioning
phase.
And if it's not addressed,
we'll know it in the simulation phase and
we'll know it in the commissioning phase,
and then we'll know it in the UAT phase.
So there are multiple layers that we go
through before we, you know,
you'll have to pay attention to this,
right?
But for now,
the note code is what I wanted to,
you know, pay attention to the most.
And the workstation ID, right?
Yeah, the workstation ID Yeah.
That's why we're just pointing out what
this key to us and trying to,
it's got a lot of information because
it's used for a lot of different things.
Yeah.
And so we probably just cut down the
noise.
So minus ones are essentially defaulted
because we are not using them.
That is RMS defaulted, right.
Yeah, again, again, those stuff,
they cannot be empty.
No, no, no.
I mean again,
like if the AG VS on the way or how many
are on the way, like those numbers change.
But again,
it's not really important to for us.
Yeah, if you need know the workstation ID,
this is easy way to do it.
There's another thing that I think we
showed earlier where to see all the
workstation IDs.
So you said when you zoomed in you can't
see it.
Well, again, this is another feature.
You can click that cell to see the
station ID,
which the station IDs are on the rack.
So that's why we're showing you that all
this other stuff is geek related stuff
that is not gonna help you.
Yeah.
So hold on charger selection,
we covered earlier how to look at the
like.
Each of these charging station will have
a unique ID associated with them as well.
So you can look at by click on the
charger ID, but in the charge selection,
you'll see a couple of things like you
know, if you click on the charger,
you can see the status of the charger.
Is that charger enabled or disabled,
right?
You can see what robot is on that charger,
right?
Because as we can see,
this is a robot charger also associates
this robot being charged here.
But the most important thing that we need
to understand is we get into situations
sometimes where for some reason the power
level of an AGB is extremely low,
and maybe because it was stuck in an
error state for too long when we found it.
And we want to make sure that we don't
want to wait for the Optus sweep logic to
cycle through everything and then get to
that AGB.
We want to parse the AGB manually, right?
So you'll see a disabled function over
here.
So what it it doesn't kill the charger
itself.
It logically disables a charger, right?
That means when you click disable,
RMS will not route any AG VS to charge in
that charging location.
It's disabled for that allocation.
And why do we do that?
We do that to physically move an AG V and
manually kind of give it a charging boost,
right?
Because it was probably running extremely
low on power.
And once that's done,
you can remove the AGV.
The AGV should pick up a task and go to
the hospital in that tote.
And then you can re enable this charging
location that will allow RMS and WCS to
again assigning Agvs that are in the
charging queue to use that charger.
And just to be clear,
Geek doesn't handle the charging.
Yeah, we do.
So when you disable,
we get a call back from Geek.
I kick off the AGB from the charger and
then I initialize and then I have it pick
up its tote and it's disabled in our
database, so another AGB.
So we'd when it comes to the charger
entrance queue,
I decide which charger to use.
So if it's disabled,
it's disabled in a database and it's not
used.
So it's and we get callbacks.
So when you enable it,
Geek sends us some a message saying
you've enabled that charger and then we
can reuse that station.
Yeah.
So that it's a read on that it it's not
mentioned the core elements of optics
free.
So what would that be?
The charging that's like problem optics
sweep still runs all of it.
So it's the optics, which software,
what would we do?
And the name of that code elements that
are that we have UPS chat to fix patients.
It's Opti sweep.
Opti Sweep handles all the exchanges.
It's under the Opti umbrella.
So all of these are Opti umbrella.
So this is like charging controller or
something like that.
It's also it's a small like it's also
included with it in Opti Sweep.
Yes, yeah.
So it's not a separate model.
You see,
these are like these are different
services or it's just one big one
software which has number of modules.
It's one software and we'll go through it
tomorrow of all the modules.
And it's basically you have a tote state
machine and a robotic state machine and
then communication modules.
That's it.
So it's a big state machine.
Yeah, big state machine.
What is the cut off for the battery
percentage?
Usually as far as 'cause you can,
you can select a robot and say hey,
I want you to go charge that.
Wanna tell you.
Oh yeah,
because we have taken over the charging.
Yeah.
So that assignment, but they're not Yeah.
So I mean,
for the most part the software handles it.
Yeah.
So for like when you'd manually charge,
so the we had a case where night sort did
not shut down the system, right.
And so it it charges on a shutdown and
then in circulation as it runs, right?
Well, since they never shut it down,
there were some Agvs by the time preload
happened that were dead, right?
And so you had to physically remove them,
right?
Remove the AGV from RMS, remove the tote,
disabled the chargers and then manually
because it's dead dead,
you actually have to like manually shove
it on a charger.
There is a manual charger they could use,
but there's some money they had to
manually charge.
Then after a while,
once it gets enough to use,
the robot boots up and then you can add
it back in the system and I'll go charge
yourself.
So like these are like this thing is dead,
dead will not move.
Like the brakes are locked on.
You have to use a Dolly to move them.
That kind of.
We've gotten a few calls like that where
the issue took long enough to recognize
and solve and whatever that then robots
started dying.
So then, yeah,
I think founded the issue to something
like, wait,
now we got a charge and like day preload
left.
Did not tip an AGV.
Like it sat there for hours on it waiting
for it to be tipped on a tipper and it
died, right.
And like stuff like that where, yeah,
you have to manually move that thing.
So yeah, to that point,
if you if you select the AGB,
there's a small section over here that
says power,
it will tell you the charge percentage of
the HV.
So it's at 50%.
So if,
if you're already working with something
that is like 30%, thirty 2%,
if it's taking us, I don't know,
an hour or two to, you know,
fix the issue we're, you know,
kind of edging towards that area, right.
So, but yeah,
under 30% is when the AGB will start
flashing red.
It needs to charge neatly.
And I think under 20% it,
it will not accept any new task.
And at 15% it will,
it will turn off automatically.
So you can't even turn it on.
You'll have to some,
you have to use a Dolly or have to carry
it to the charger and push down.
So we don't wanna be anywhere close to 15
percent.
20%.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll, yeah.
If you see something at 30% when it can
charge,
let's just because it it will just cost
you more time later.
Yeah, Yeah.
Did it have to be turned on to charge,
to charge it manually?
Yes.
Maybe.
We'll check.
So I can't have the button in the off
position and push it into the charge.
We'll we'll test it out.
OK.
Yeah, I always leave it on.
Yeah, but I, I,
I'm saying it boots up automatically when
it has enough charge so that I can do it.
RMF You say you can be off.
You said it can be off.
I have always done it when it's on.
So it boots up automatically when it has
enough charge.
Oh, OK.
So 'cause like,
that's the other thing too.
It's like, you know,
you wanna put when it has enough juice,
put it back in the system,
let the system charge it so that you know,
you're not, I mean, it only takes what,
maybe 10 minutes to get enough juice to
be able to start,
add it back in the system.
It can charge itself so that you don't
have to worry about it because if you
just leave it for a few hours,
it won't move.
So, and,
and the charging in those in that lower
threshold is pretty fast, right?
So let's see if you're 25%,
you charge for 15 minutes,
you're probably gonna be at 40%,
which is good enough for the system.
Yeah, to cycle it on its own.
OK, Yep.
So just make sure that once we take it
off, we turn the charger back on.
On bigger sites might not be a problem,
but on let's say on site,
if over here we only have like 2 chargers
and you turn keep one off and forgot to
enable it and it's the shutdown mode,
everything is just using 1 charger and
it's gonna take a long time.
No.
OK.
Yeah, I think that ends the RMS section.
Do you wanna give a break?
Break.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Team NO105.
No, no, we have.
We have to get.
We're behind, so we need to get go.
It takes 5 minutes to get up from the
chair, say 10 minutes.
Yeah.
So what is it?
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
None.
All right.
So you have more questions about the HMI.
I was able to be here in the afternoon,
so nice, very quick.
All right,
so I'll go through the Viva screens.
So this is from Hazlet.
So this is just your main overview.
What kind of you can see on the right
hand side you have your start up,
shut down, bag out, purge, resume,
pause all Agvs.
We'll get into that.
You have your bag out control system.
Bag out will close all destinations and
exchange shoots with parcels in them.
Like we discussed earlier,
user can also choose a bag out by leg of
the sorter.
In the event of a manual bag out,
Fortnite offers a cancelled bag out.
This will cancel any exchange chest that
is not in process.
So this is kind of they call in,
they decide to manually bag out because
of time.
You can cancel the bag out,
but it has to be not in the exchange.
So like if it's in an exchange,
it has to come.
That one still has to finish.
It's just anything not currently in
exchange feedback out exchanges the
lowest 20 percent,
25% of the destinations per leg of the
sorter.
I mean, I do that previous screen.
Yeah, new section.
I don't remember everything that maybe I
don't know.
It's see which part?
The auto bagger bagger control.
Yeah, the the pop up.
Yeah, that's was in Phase 2.
So I don't think we had it here.
OK,
I thought you I thought Jose and Jose and
then we're we're gonna you should have it.
So, so we have AGB status again.
Another pop up shows you detailed
information for all the Agvs, status,
destination errors.
So only Agvs with errors with additional
detail will appear.
You have your main statistics,
you have your tippers E stops volume,
number of exchanges to tipper to hospital.
There's some custom defined metrics.
So these are again stuff that UPS
requested and and worked out with our
team.
So system statistics been statistics and
tipper statistics RMS.
This page should show RMS,
but the firewall is not open,
so it just kind of shows blank.
Sorry,
all the sorry if you said it all the
stats reset for each sort for their like
yeah, stats and all that.
When they cycle sort,
they send a bit that says reset metrics,
which Todd picks up,
resets the Tipper metrics and then it's
an API call to me cuz we're all web hooks.
And so I get sent it generates a new sort
GUID.
So basically like there's no totals
anywhere, right?
And every statistic on my end is a tied
to a sort GUID.
So you reset the sort GUID,
it looks at the tables and shows no data.
So it's all zeroed out, right.
So it's not like like you know,
Tipper's right default to back to
something right,
where we just add a new entries.
So then you can look historically like
how you got here if you wanted to or so.
So they do have historic stats or
previous sorts or do they just save that
our database does.
So again,
it's it's to like we have created a
product for future things of like what
we'd like to do over time.
Doesn't mean that that's supported with
Aviva and they use AI mean I think it's
the way they do metrics is through a BAU
push.
And so like it's, you know,
we have to translate to what UPS needs.
So,
but it gives us flexibility in the future
to create the, you know,
ignition screens that we'd want for more
historical sort to sort day-to-day kind
of stuff.
It's just, you know,
I just know that a lot of their other
sites built reset all their stats the
beginning of the sort.
And if they ask, hey,
what happened last sort,
TLC doesn't have any kind of like
database or anything to hang on to that,
right?
And so that's why we track, you know,
just a good principle and as immature
product,
you want to have the flexibility to have
more historical data in the future.
So and like with when we like validate
metrics,
I can look at a time specifically and say
this is what it should have been showing
and then they can kind of work through
that.
So we do have it set up so you can that
RMS section that he went over,
we have it so that you could integrate it
into a Viva HMI.
So anywhere in the building you could see
the Geek Plus HMI inside a Viva currently
UPS.
Oh, what do you call it?
Firewall doesn't allow it,
but we have the, you know,
we have the option for them to add it at
their discretion.
But the big thing on here,
and if you've seen in the group chats,
I talked about system faults.
So if we tell an AGB to move and we
haven't gotten in progress, right,
it's a system fault or software like
double checks everybody's work.
And so on the left,
you'll see system faults and on the right
there's AGV system faults.
So if you know,
if we lose communication with one of the
chats, it'll be on the left.
If we told an AGV to move but it hasn't
moved, it'll be on the right.
That's why this page is pretty cute.
And you, I mean, we as Ford,
because they're on thin clients,
we can't see our mess.
So we're kind of dependent on either
pulling an API, an API dog,
or using the database to see what's on
their screen.
Like I said, long term,
something I've have asked for and wished
for is that all this stuff is replicated
in Ignition, so it's more easier.
But is that, is this remotely available?
Yeah, yeah.
But it's it's kind of, you know,
we're showing them,
but we're also showing you like, hey,
go to RMS page.
Do you have any system faults, right?
Should be the first question.
When they call in level 1 support,
usually when they call in, they have well,
not always,
but sometimes they'll have somebody on
the call who does have access to that and
they can share screen.
That's what other UPS.
Yeah, we do with them, right.
It's same with the PLC too.
They just literally share their screen
and well, we take control.
Most people that's gonna be calling you
will not be able to share their screen on
this.
Oh, great.
OK, for these sites,
it's not for the HMI that a lot of the
people that it's gonna call you does not
have access to share the screen.
Are they going through it's so big gonna
be sitting on an HMI they can show it but
through a web No no I but all of it they
have their is within the database or or
whatever like are they not going through
all this is fed from APIs.
So you can do the same request from that
level from their call center will have
access to all the sites like this call
center can but we're starting to move
away from the call.
Oh really OK, cool.
Less, less portable.
Why?
OK, I'm good.
AUV status.
Just another pop up that shows you in
details again,
Jose can once we get this afternoon,
see the screens in action Hoppins.
So you can do a hop in,
close out or hop in disabled.
Hoppins will trigger all totes that are
marked as hop in to close shoots and
Exchange.
Hop in will disable or reopen the shoots.
Will not reopen the shoots after the
exchange is complete.
Hot bins.
Hot bins is AI mean I'm gonna chop this
up.
Let let me explain it.
Andrew, do you want to explain hot bins?
I or I can chop it up.
Oh,
hot bins are the highest priority bins,
so they are the ones that I need to get
up to fast.
So say I have a trailer that's gonna be
pulled or a package that it needs to get
out in 10 minutes because the trailer
needs to leave.
I need those done.
That's managed by yes on the socket yes,
So and they send us a message saying
what's hopped in.
So we just, we just,
once they hit hop in close or hop in,
disable anything that has an indicator.
It's literally the message type is called
the indicator.
We exchange those.
So become the priority.
Yeah, well, we exchange them.
They're not really a priority.
Yeah.
So kind of what I was saying,
all this stuff is through APIs.
And so I don't know why,
but they named it the API page.
So you can see on the left side of your
system, we'll show your system state,
system startup, your bag out,
your shut down, your purge.
So we kind of talked about some of these
before.
Purge basically is a close out,
but instead of only totes with items in
it, it will purge everything.
And it also will not print a label.
So close out only totes with items in it
and they print labels,
purge this feature UPS one in it.
It exchanges every tote in the system
does not prevent it.
We also have reset metrics,
which is automatically you can do
manually on this page or like I said,
UPSHMI does it.
They hit A tag and it resets the metric.
Reset tipper stats back out control,
which we kind of already showed earlier,
get metrics gets all the system metrics,
pops it up.
Zone configuration pops up,
nobody uses it.
Get errors is a pop up as well.
We've implemented some of the geek plus
RMS commands so that you know you could
do it from a Veva as well.
So you can remove AG VS recover AG V,
AG V,
which means add an AG V back to the
system,
pause all Agvs and resume all Agvs.
We also have some, you know,
kind of recovery mechanisms that you can
execute AGV commands.
So like in the event that you you know
you should E stop the system before you
do a restart, but you know.
Some things happen and so if we miss a
call back,
you can execute an AGV command and say
hey this AG VS done.
So you just have to specify the full
AGVID and our software completes it.
So resend Geek command is the opposite.
So if you restart Geek Plus server,
we retry to send callbacks every so often,
like there's a retry count and so
eventually if they don't respond then we
stop sending it.
So once Geek Plus is up,
you can specify the command GUID and it
will resend the command to Geek Plus.
On the tote side,
you can initialize an AGV.
This is a pop up.
So like I said earlier,
if you remove an AGV or remove a tote
from the sorter,
you can specify what station ID it is.
So you know,
you could say this tote should go to this
station, you can remove a tote.
So I think we had to issue with the
hospital,
I think maintenance severed a cable or
something like that has it six months ago.
So this is the only way to remove a tote
until they got that fixed in between
sorts.
So,
so where do how do we know what station
that needs to be?
Do we get that from the database or is it
in But it's an RMS like,
you know when you pick a cell, right,
you could see the station ID.
So remember when it was light blue versus
dark blue?
Yeah, yeah, you could.
They could go through and like, hey,
this age you for instance,
like when the cause was this chute never
got any information.
It's closed, right?
Like nothing sorting to it.
And if you go to Geek Plus and it shows
an empty tote, they're like, oh,
what tote is that right?
And so tote 300 well,
station 450 doesn't show a tote 300 there.
I can add that tote through and this is
what they do.
Like they know how to do this.
They'll add the tote to station 400.
So Gitot task, like I said,
shows you what the current status of the
totes, all their tasks.
You can resend the tote task,
you can exchange a tote so and you can
like any tote on the system,
you can manually exchange.
This kind of comes in handy for testing,
but we had what do you call it when the
dimension layers weren't working at
Haslet a few weeks ago during a power
cycle,
I was on the phone with UPS and they were
telling me tote numbers because we didn't
get any dimension data.
So they're overfilling.
So as I was on the phone,
he's calling out tote numbers and I'm
since I don't have access to this,
I use the API and I just exchanged the
totes to get out of the system.
So you can also do it by lane name,
which you have to add a zero and like
that's like which the lanes here like
like I think it has it there.
I'll start with 3000.
So, and we have to add a zero to it.
So, so it's zero 3050.
That's something UPS can do if they
wanted to exchange a specific destination
for whatever reason,
get exchange settings.
We'll kind of go into that a little bit
more.
These are real time relatively KPIs.
So per destination will give you average
item count per exchange,
median system generated exchange in
seconds, your lane name, lane system,
last system generated exchange,
number of hop insurance,
number of exchanges, number of miss sorts,
number of sure posts,
percent of exchanges,
the status on which you know it's active,
bypassed or not tracking.
And then what zone like I showed earlier,
every side has multiple zones has it 7
here we have 4.
So it's kind of tell you that information.
How did you get to the other page?
It's it's on those skip metrics or down
here.
Are you logged in to Obeyba?
Oh, Jose will be here this afternoon.
Zone configuration originally long,
long time ago.
You can.
The idea is you can change some
configurations between sort can't really
do that anymore because they're equal
zones.
So it's still in there, but you know,
nobody uses it.
What's this?
So this is the initialized tote.
So you add a barcode or the tote number
and then the station and then the tote ID.
So for barcode and code ID just same
number.
And then station ID is what stations on
the rack or like we showed station ID in
RMS.
And then you click request to initialize
tote the response.
Let's say the totes are on AGV,
it'll give you a response saying it can't
be initialized, right?
Only Agvs not in the system or Agvs that
have been removed.
So if you had a new tote that we've never
seen August, if the tote has been removed,
I'll get anything else,
it'll give you a tote status of why it
wasn't initialized.
So tote test, I mean,
it just kind of shows you what the
current task and you know,
you see what kind of exchange type it's
doing,
whether it's like the exchange now is
like a priority,
it's original destination,
if it's ready for exchange.
And it means if there's an AUV behind it
ready to go, what stations it's at,
if it's on the sorter task UID.
And then of course, tap, you know,
task name,
it's pick up tote if there's any error
and of course, the tote ID,
our exchange settings.
So this is those thresholds we talked
about earlier, right?
So you have a queue, you have a pick up,
a priority and a close.
So that's that sixty 7080% that we were
talking about.
Those are your thresholds.
The software has the ability to do it
based off counts.
And so the method is either counts cube
or Cuban counts,
which allows you to a mixture of both.
These can be updated by the customer,
but for the most part we kind of finalize
it with the project team with UPS at the
end of UAT.
All right, any questions on the Ava Aviva?
Yeah,
you have the URL to the to the the
dashboard to the.
We don't have the access to Aviva.
Yeah.
So this is just so everybody knows where
things are.
So then, you know, if there's an issue,
first thing first, go to that RMS screen,
see if any system faults.
This should always be your your first
step on a phone call.
So we'll never, never as support.
We will never never required to access.
We were you can't even if you you can't
because in the UPS world we don't have
but it's to talk through UPS talk to our
UPS call,
you know PC doesn't talk to Aviva.
No,
we don't have access versus office Zip
cannot talk.
Those are different things.
OK, understood.
Yeah.
So office zip still talks to Aviva,
but as Fortnite user,
anybody who was who's not a UPS, Sir,
it doesn't have access to Aviva.
The best thing you will have,
you'll have an operator who will who you
can tell where to look in Aviva to tell
you, you know what they're seeing.
So there are diagnostic steps that that I
mean,
we can leave that on this tomorrow if you
want to.
I mean may not get 11, but today's.
But my question is first, whenever,
when the issue arises between OPC and and
and and and Aviva,
right one is how do we diagnose where the
issue is?
It's in Aviva or in OPCC?
Well, Aviva will not have any issue.
It it's, it's an HMI,
it just shows you status of services only.
It is not right.
They'll be right there.
No right APS there.
There can be like a startup, right?
You can click on a startup and it will
send obviously with API to put the system
in the start of the state right?
But it's not like how do I put it?
You cannot create an AGB fault.
Well,
I shouldn't say you cannot because it's
possible.
But it's mostly an HMI.
It's an interface.
Most of our diagnostic, it doesn't manage.
It doesn't manage.
Yeah, it doesn't manage, yes.
So, so the so, so, so we, we,
we do use the right APIs and read APIs,
right?
Yeah.
In both of them,
the three categories are very possible,
right?
Is the REST API 4XX5XX, Right.
And business exceptions, OK, Right.
If it is Codex, if I have errors,
we know exactly and I see with an error.
I mean,
provided they are giving us enough
information in the error error code,
error error description.
Yeah, OK.
If it is business exception,
that means clearly there is a logic miss
either on our side or on their side that
is not implemented yet.
If it is system exception,
then obviously they are having some kind
of issues.
Database connection on their side or null
pointer exception.
Well, let me put it this way.
So let's say if you have a write error
from Aviva and an API was triggered,
the best thing would be to see in WCS or
in our Opti sweep,
what is the state of the system.
If Aviva put it in startup, but we didn't,
we don't see any startup.
It's it's not there.
We know that it is Aviva issue.
It's not a Aviva issue.
It's just a communication issue like
there.
Even if if you have a Aviva issue,
there is nothing we can do to fix it,
but we need to tell operator what to look
for right?
The you are gonna be the person who's
looking for that.
If if it didn't trigger,
you know what they're pressing,
you know what command they're sending
right?
And you know what status of the of the
service there you can see certain
statuses what set what's the status of
certain matrix should be right.
If that doesn't match to what they're
saying,
you know it's and there's a problem.
If there is a problem,
the stage is for us to diagnose why it
happened,
right And for the support to take notes
on this is what was observed, right.
So we'll go back in time and we'll see
this was issued.
Maybe there is a connection loss between
Optus Sweep and Aviva.
Why did it happen?
And we'll we'll have to follow up.
But the I guess like again,
we can D dive on it tomorrow.
But I guess the goal of support should
always be not to 100% diagnose what
happened,
but to take enough notes so that we can
diagnose it later.
But at that point in time,
how can we get the system back and
running?
That's what I'm talking about.
Because every second, every minute,
the system is not running.
UPS is 4 hours, four hours SLA on P ones,
right.
Yeah.
OK.
That means, you know,
we are in a firefight mood.
Make sure that we bandage and move.
Exactly so that so the errors like user
errors and system errors yeah,
which are connectivity as you said yeah
very simple.
OK there's a kind of great issue pull in
infrastructure team fix it right business
exceptions yeah that puts a that's a
that's a wrench right Yeah.
That we do not know that business
encryption is because we don't we don't
fully did not fully understand
requirements misunderstood or missions
requirement or how we were didn't
misunderstood.
So there is a happening, yeah.
And that's where the tricky, tricky,
tricky, yeah.
Thing is that's where is is there a
runbook, right.
This is the business exception happened
yeah.
And there is a runbook, the step one,
they take these steps on your side
eventually if you're exhausted,
all of that, obviously there's the,
the problem is in a tell the operator
what to do now.
Yep.
So in that case,
you're probably gonna send them over to
the HMI team,
the UPS HMI team or the firewall team.
But it will,
the one team will keep going on unless we
are like 100% sure that, that, that Aviva,
there's an issue in Aviva, right?
2 the two we, there's a button back.
I support, right?
No,
the the right functionalities are very
significant right there and OK they but
they are right function.
They've been just I think reason right
the API it's not right.
We can throw go go to the API.
It's it's in the in the PC has been
troubleshooting their issues.
We have seen very few.
We can see everything they can see
through API.
So I mean there's a system fault.
You can look up the system fault,
you will not.
So I mean the Eva just allows users on
the floor to see if the same thing you're
seeing.
So you can go and just say, hey,
what does this screen show right?
Like so if but if you want to open up a
channel on how the robot we how we can
better we can better diagnose it.
I will say those,
but you can write it down and let's let's
leave us correct, correct.
Yeah,
but they have to that is something that
we need to actually learn from each other
and make sure that we yeah, I mean,
there's something that people wait and
support gets it from us.
So I mean,
we can I should be in a you're moving HB.
We get a call back.
Our software does represents itself once
it gets EKREKR, it's call back.
So I can DM you and then you then you
take your ownership of that, right?
And we we can create a ticket.
You can and we can track it down.
I mean, yeah,
recurring issues are a problem, right?
Recurring issues should not.
I mean,
if we know that the same issues shouldn't
happen again and again, yeah.
I mean that does the support just.